From jonathan20m at hotmail.com  Thu Dec 22 11:27:09 2005
From: jonathan20m at hotmail.com (Mr. Jonathan Moyo)
Date: Thu, 22 Dec 2005 02:27:09 -0800
Subject: [Lit-devel] lnvitation for partnership
Message-ID: <200512221027.jBMAR5009000@bat.berlios.de>

201 Rivonia Street,
Church Road Johannesburg, 
South Africa. 
Cell phone: +27-83-898-8554 
E-mail: jonathan30m at hotmail.com Attn: Director /C.E.O My name is Mr.Jonathan Moyo, the eldest son of Sir Malaika Moyo, of ZIMBABWE. It might be a surprise to you where I got your contact address; I got it from the South African Information Network Online (SAINO) a department in the South Africa Trade Center. I contacted you after going through your website; hence I believe that you will use your good office to assist me in actualizing my future. During the current crises against the farmers in Zimbabwe by the supporters of our President, ROBERT MUGABE to claim all the white owned farms in our country, he ordered all the white farmers to surrender their farms to his party members and their followers, My father was one of the great and best farmers in our province and knowing that he did not support the idea and presidents political ideology, the president's supporters invaded my father's farm burnt 
down everything, shot him and as a result of the wounds sustained, he became sick and died after five days. After his death, I with my younger sister decided to move out of Zimbabwe for the safety of our lives to South Africa. Before he died he wrote his will that states (MY BELOVEED SON, I WISH TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE SUM OF (USD 32.500.000.00) Thirty-Two million, five hundred thousand United States Dollars. Which he deposited with a security company in South Africa. In case of any eventuality that I should solicit for a reliable foreign partner to assist me transfer this money out of South Africa for 
investment purpose. He deposited the money in a name of a foreign partner who' name was not specifically mentioned. Every document concerning the deposit is with our financial adviser. The fact remains that I cannot handle this matter alone without the involvement of a foreigner; this is in order to close the clause. From the above, you will understand that the lives and future of my family depends on this money as much, I will be very grateful if you can assist me, I with my younger sister are now living in South-Africa as political asylum seekers (REFUGEE) and the financial law of South Africa does not allow us to operate account of any type. In view of this, I cannot invest this money in South Africa, hence I am asking you to assist me transfer this money out of South Africa for investment purpose. We shall discuss about your reward/percentage for your efforts and assistance once you indicate your interest. Finally modalities on how the transfer will be done will be conveyed to you once we establish trust and confidence between ourselves. For further detailed information, please contact me on my direct line Tel: +27- 83-898-8554, the key ward to this transaction is absolute confidential and secrecy as the lives and future of my family depends on this money. Looking forward to your urgent reply. I look forward to a mutual business relationship with you, while I wait for your kind response. Best Regards, Mr. Jonathan Moyo
(For The Family). 




